[docs] Add --include-hidden option docs to describe, logs, and export commands (#723)
microsoft/aspire.dev: src/frontend/src/content/docs/reference/cli/commands/aspire-describe.mdx

## Description

> The `aspire describe` command displays resource details for a running Aspire AppHost. By default, it shows a snapshot table of all visible resources with their name, type, state, health status, and endpoints. Hidden resources are excluded by default; use the `--include-hidden` option to show them. Use the `--follow` option to continuously stream resource state changes in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aspire describe` command displays resource details for a running Aspire AppHost. It shows a table of resources with their name, type, state, health status, and URLs. Hidden resources are excluded by default; use the `--include-hidden` option to show them. Use the `--follow` option to continuously stream resource state changes in real time.
```

> The `aspire describe` command displays resource details for a running Aspire AppHost. By default, it shows a snapshot table of all visible resources with their name, type, state, health status, and endpoints. Hidden resources are excluded by default; use the `--include-hidden` option to show them. Use the `--follow` option to continuously stream resource state changes in real time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aspire describe` command displays resource details for a running Aspire AppHost. It shows a table of resources with their name, type, state, health status, and URLs. Hidden resources are excluded by default; use the `--include-hidden` option to show them. Use the `--follow` option to continuously stream resource state changes in real time.
```
